#summary Project Wiki Top
#labels Featured
= Summary =
This project is intended to help implement 3D parallel curve thinning algorithms in the literature by providing working C++ codes that can be used to determine whether a voxel is deletable or not. In doing so, new implementations are also devised for some of the algorithms.

The current scope of this project is the 3D parallel thinning algorithms that are characterized by:
  * (26, 6) foreground and background connectivity
  * Curve thinning
  * Parallel thinning with 6 subiterations
  * Deletability of a voxel can be determined locally within its 3x3x3 neighborhood

This Wiki content is also a footprint of my trial seeking for a way to reduce spurious branches in thinned objects, and from some point, to remove skeletal branches, too, to have ultimately thinned objects.

My current choice is the combination of:
  * Nemeth, Kardos, and Palagyi's object surface smoothing, followed by
  * Raynal and Couprie's isthmus preservation, and then
  * Lohou and Bertrand's P2x-simple condition

However, it is out of the scope of this project to provide an implementation of thinning algorithms using the various kinds of deletable conditions. So, there is no fancy screenshots of objects before / after thinning like those in papers regarding thinning algorithms. Sorry for the boringness. :-)

= Contents =
  # [Notations]
  # [SimpleVoxels Definition of simple voxels]
  # [PalagyiKuba Palagyi and Kuba's 6-subiteration curve thinning algorithm]
  # [RaynalCouprie Raynal and Couprie's isthmus based 6-subiteration curve thinning algorithm]
  # [LohouBertrand Lohou and Bertrand's Px-simple 6-subiteration curve thinning algorithm]
  # [NemethKardosPalagyi Nemeth, Kardos and Palagyi's thinning algorithm with smoothing]
  # [RunCode Running the code]

= References =
  * [http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0167865598000312 [1]]. Palagyi, Kuba, A 3D 6-subiteration thinning algorithm for extracting medial lines, 1998.
  * [http://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-642-19867-0_15 [2]]. Raynal, Couprie, Isthmus-Based 6-Directional Parallel Thinning Algorithms, 2011.
  * [http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0166218X05001319 [3]]. Lohou, Bertrand, A 3D 6-subiteration curve thinning algorithm based on P-simple points, 2005.
  * [http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1524070311000063 [4]]. Nemeth, Kardos, Palagyi, Thinning combined with iteration-by-iteration smoothing for 3D binary images, 2011.

Thanks!